Previously on Switched At Birth.
You're entitled to recovery for
being denied the opportunity
- to raise your real daughter.
- I don't want anyone thinking
it's okay what happened to us,
especially not that hospital.
- I play a little poker.
- Oh, I play poker.
Deaf people pick up people's tells.
Seriously?
You're the one who kept telling me to bet.
'Cause I thought he was bluffing.
Do you even know how much I lost tonight?
- Who's my father?
- Best thing that man ever did was leave.
There's something I want you to have.
Your dad took it.
That's you in there.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
PARKING PASS
Uh, come in.
I saved you some dinner. Daphne made it.
Is it vegetarian?
Yes, but it's actually really good.
Take a break. Try some.
- What was this called again?
- Pastichio.
It's a Greek lasagna,
but instead of lamb, I used tofu.
It actually is good.
Did you learn to make this at your school?
No, Carlton only offers home ec.
You know, Buckner Hall offer...
Buckner what?
I was just thinking about the advanced
cooking classes that Buckner has.
- No, thank you.
- Not for you. For Daphne.
Would you mind if Daphne
took a class at your school?
I guess not.
They're really great.
They're taught by local chefs.
I think I could arrange for you to take one
if you're interested.
Yeah, yes.
But are you sure you're okay with this?
We already basically live in the same house.
If I can't handle seeing you
at my school for an hour a day,
I've got bigger problems.
Hey, remember when I let you
borrow money for those ostrich
feather paint brushes?
Ostrich eyelash?
- Whatever.
- And I paid you back.
It's my turn. I need a loan.
What for? Another amp?
- That's irrelevant.
- I'm saving up for spring break.
Piggy bank's on lockdown. Sorry.
- I'll pay you back.
- That's not the point.
- It's just 200 bucks.
- Hey!
You owe me.
Okay, fine.
Thank you.
We don't have any of the right stuff.
Maybe I should go check Kathryn's kitchen.
It's Buckner Hall. I am sure they
have measuring spoons in class.
And they probably have
your name engraved on the handle.
Okay, relax.
- I just wanna be prepared.
- You're gonna do fine.
The interpreter will meet you in class.
You got me an interpreter?
The Principal already lent
somebody up when I called.
No, I don't want one.
It's like having a stalker.
Sweetie, you remember what it was like
when you went to a hearing school?
I was eight. I can read lips now,
I will be fine.
If I can make it through
a Kennish family dinner,
I can make it through a cooking class.
Yeah, fair enough.
Even I can't make through those.
Okay, so the library is right there.
And the swimming pool
and gym are should be left.
I still can't get over it.
This place is like a resort.
Yeah, our Latin motto actually means
the haves and the have mores.
Hey, has Toby tried to
borrow money from you?
No, he barely talks to me
since the whole poker fiasco.
He sold all his amps and his mountain bike
and he still seems really desperate.
He's lost money before, right?
He's always come out okay.
Yeah. So here we are.
The lab kitchen's right through there.
You're gonna do fine here.
I am, right?
Just stay away my guys I dated,
I'll make you a list.
Wait, is this all of it?
It's $4,000. I'm working on the rest.
Come on, you're putting
me in a tight spot here.
You know I'm good for it.
I just need a little more time.
I don't have time.
I made a bet on ** Dame last week
- and lost my shirt.
- Dude, you've got a problem.
Says the guy who owes me 10 grand.
My point is I am in the hole,
and Hinckley is not as understanding
with me as I am with you.
- What's he gonna do?
- I don't wanna find out.
What about the other thing?
You know, the...
- Are you sure you're up for it?
- Yeah.
You sure? You cannot say yes
and then wuss out on me.
Yeah, I'm up for it.
How do I get in?
Leave that to me. I'll get back to you.
Nice. Oh, yeah.
So I saw the article on you in "The herald."
Sounds like things are working
out with the whole new situation.
Dale, I know you're a member
of the hospital board.
We probably shouldn't be talking about this.
It's okay. About to get settled, right?
Yeah, we'll see.
Pretty good offer from what I hear.
Actually, it's less than
a quarter of our demand.
I don't have to tell you
what we're up against...
budget cuts, soaring costs.
I don't have to tell you what
my family's been up against.
And everybody admires
the way you're handling it.
But the hospital is part of this community.
You really wanna be
the guy who puts it under
because you feel you're
entitled to a huge payday?
That is so out of line.
I'm speaking to you as a friend.
You break the hospital, next thing you know
your line of credit dries up at the bank
and then your dealerships take
their contracts to some
other car wash chain.
And then what are you left
with besides your settlement?
Is that a threat?
It's a reality check.
Hospital doesn't have
what you're asking for.
Come on, John, it was human error.
We need to do better.
And we will. We have.
But let's get this thing over with,
settle and move on.
For everybody's sake.
Now anyone can dazzle
with a flavorful cassoulet
or a slow cooked osso buco.
But the test of a true chef is
what they do with simple fare.
So today we're going to be
making burgers and fries.
Piece of cake.
Now the secret to a good burger
is the thickness of the patty.
What's the secret?
Let's just say size matters.
So garlic cloves, bread crumbs,
bacon, all make nice fillers.
- Yes?
- How do you feel about black bean veggie burgers?
Flappy wedgie burgers?
- No, black bean.
- What?
Never mind.
Emmett. Oh, uh...
Are you waiting for Daphne?
Can I look?
You're an artist.
Yeah, that's me,
but Regina doesn't know I have it.
So...
It's my dad's, whoever that is.
You see the parking
sticker in the windshield?
I thought it might tell me
where he lived or worked.
Yeah, I tried. I tried blowing it up,
but it just got all blurry.
You don't know how
to enlarge the image and, like, sharpen it,
do you? You do?
If I sent you a JPEG,
could you do that for me?
Thank you.
And now while your fries are cooking,
whip up your aioli sauce.
- Could you pass me the lemons?
- Yes.
When the bell rings, remove the fries,
shake off the grease and let them cool.
Wow, you really are good at this stuff.
Why are you taking this class?
I need an easy "A,"
and I'm not getting into Duke
with B's and C's, even with lacrosse.
Don't be shy with the garlic.
More garlic means more flavor.
- Could you get me another egg?
- Oh, yes.
Mr. Wilke,
do you intend to let your
partner do all the work?
I never let my partners do all the work.
Tell me about the last meal you cooked.
I cooked toaster strudel
this morning for breakfast.
A meal which included more ingredients.
Crushed peanut butter.
Does crushed peanut butter count?
- No.
- No?
Hey, new girl.
The bell means your fries are done.
Oh, no no no no!
I'm so sorry about the fire.
It was an accident, honey.
No one's blaming you.
Of course not, but for liability purposes,
we are going to have to require
that you have an interpreter
with you on school grounds from now on.
What? No, I don't want an interpreter.
I will focus more next time.
I promise nothing like this
will ever... ever happen again.
- Please.
- Is that really necessary, Mr. Thatcher?
I'm afraid so.
Well, maybe we could try
an interpreter for a while.
And if things go well...
Daphne, I know this can be difficult.
My granddaughter has a deaf friend,
but she has a cochlear implant.
Have you ever considered that?
It's worked wonders for her.
I'm already the deaf girl
who set the kitchen on fire.
Now I have to be the deaf
girl with the weird sidekick.
I'm sorry.
So have you ever thought
of a cochlear implant?
No.
It's just... I've read a little about it.
And I know it's not
the same as regular hearing,
but you can have a conversation
on the phone or listen to music
or laughter.
I'm just not getting it,
why it's so terrible.
That's the bell.
I'm sorry again about the fire.
It's okay. It's okay.
What are you doing here?
No way. You were able to
read the parking sticker?
The address where my dad's car is.
How did you get this?
Oh, the license plate number.
I guess that's more useful
than the parking sticker.
I've had that picture for weeks
and I never once thought of doing that.
You're a genius.
How do you say "Thank you" in sign language?
Thank you.
So this is where the car was last year.
Maybe it's still there.
And maybe if we find the car,
we can trace the ownership
all the way back to my dad.
Oh, you wanna go there now.
What the hell? Here.
Hey, morning, sunshine.
I got it.
This is my interpreter Sam.
Hi.
Hey, by any chance, could you
burn down my history classroom?
There's a paper I didn't write.
Not funny.
Come on, I'm kidding.
Well, actually, I didn't do that paper.
Can you believe her?
Hey, something I could help you with?
No, well, then get back to
your frittata, Clover.
The girl's named after a flower.
What do you expect?
Thanks.
Listen, what are you doing after class?
You wanna get out of here?
Maybe steal a school bus,
follow Bruno Mars on tour?
But do we have to bring along
the human subtitle machine?
No offense, bro.
I mean, I'm all for a threesome,
but I'd rather be outnumbered
than outgunned, do you know?
Today, we'll be making gazpacho,
which requires
no heating whatsoever.
So someone from each row should come up
and get a box of ingredients.
I'll be right back.
Each group will need a large bowl
and a knife...
This is what happens when
you force special needs charity cases...
Dale really said that?
He doesn't strike me as
the type to make threats.
It's a scare tactic.
Hospital board obviously thinks
I'm some kind of a spineless wimp
who's gonna fold as soon
as they flash their sword.
What if he's right about
people retaliating against us?
Let 'em try.
- Honey.
- I'm serious.
Let them try.
This is about what happened to us.
The only way that hospital
is ever gonna change
is if it costs them, and it costs them big.
That's the way these things work. Trust me.
No way.
Great.
What for? We'll never find the car in there.
And even if we do, it won't do us any good.
I hope that's sign language
for "Because there's a wizard in there"
"who will make all your dreams come true."
Look, there. I think
that's the license plate.
There's nothing here.
I don't know what I was thinking.
That we drive up to my dad's house
and he'd throw open his arms and be like,
"There you are."
"I've been waiting for you for 16 years."
I'm sorry.
You know what's amazing?
You are the best listener I know.
What the hell are you thinking?
Why don't you watch where you're going?
Are you okay, Daphne?
Are you okay?
I gotta say, Kathryn was right.
These Mission Hills
ladies are great tippers.
The days of pan dulce and geraniums
instead of cash are over!
Why didn't you get me the cochlear?
What?
Did you consider it for me?
Of course.
I mean, before I met Melody and Emmett
and learned better.
Do you think it's too late for me?
I mean, I know it works better
if you get it when you're little.
Well, that's true, but it's not impossible.
If you want it, we can look into it.
Did something happen today?
I almost got run over.
What? Honey, you have to be careful.
I know. I usually am.
And I accidentally started
a fire in cooking class
because I couldn't hear the bell.
'Cause they don't have timers with lights.
Next time, you just bring your own.
I can't always bring
my own deaf stuff everywhere.
Of course you can.
You compensate.
You work twice as hard, like you always do.
What if I don't wanna work
twice as hard and compensate?
What if I just want
to have it a little easier,
be more like everyone else?
Too bad,
because you never will be.
Who brought it up?
John?
Kathryn?
She was just asking.
It's okay. She's allowed to ask.
She's just curious. All hearing
people are curious about it.
You are part of an amazing community.
You have your own language and history.
You get a cochlear and
suddenly you're nowhere.
You're not deaf, not hearing.
I know, I know, and I don't need
the deaf pride speech right now.
You want me to talk to them?
No. Please, no.
I guess someone played guitar.
Whoa, whoa, dude. Slow down.
You might as well be speaking Russian.
Daphne, you,
were short.
Daphne and you were kids. You were kids.
You found a guitar.
You opened a guitar case.
You saw... you didn't see a guitar.
This is the most rocking
game of charades ever. Sorry. Keep going.
Someone walked in.
R... my R. Regina.
Regina walked in and saw you guys
and freaked out.
Then what happened?
What? No, come on.
You don't know anything else?
You can't guess or something?
Come on, more information. More.
She took the guitar case away.
Okay, so maybe the guitar case
is my dad's and maybe the stuff inside
could help me find him.
You can drive and open things.
Garage, your garage.
Okay, Regina,
she left boxes.
Boxes, she has boxes in your garage.
Maybe the guitar case is there.
Could we go look now?
Tomorrow? It's a date.
But you have to wait till it's
dark and everybody's gone home.
Really? I thought broad
daylight might be better.
Hey, listen to me. I'm serious.
You can't screw this up, all right?
Now this will get you into
the south entrance of the school.
He stays logged on so you don't
need a password or anything.
Where'd you get this?
Money talks,
especially to an overworked janitor
who thinks we're all
a bunch of spoiled brats.
Well, we kind of are.
I mean, we're stealing tests.
Shh! Just scan it in
and I'll get it to our customers.
How much are you charging?
- $1,000.
- $1,000?
Listen, don't underestimate
how lazy these dumb-asses are.
They'd rather pay than study.
Lucky for us, I guess.
Hey, are you wussing out on me?
Listen, Hinckley is going
to put my ass in a sling
if I don't pay.
I'm not wussing out.
If you had my 10 grand,
you wouldn't have to do this,
but you don't.
Come in.
I have to stuff 500 envelopes by tomorrow.
God knows why I volunteer for
these things all the time.
I was gonna make up some
reason for being here.
I thought about light bulbs or trash bags.
You're welcome to both.
I promised Daphne I wouldn't say anything.
This is about the cochlear conversation?
She never wanted one before.
Now suddenly with you two...
I just think it's worth
a family conversation
about the pros and the cons.
Do you know that they have to cut
open her brain to install it?
Do you know that it's permanent?
They can't remove it and the
long-term risks are unknown.
Hold on, hold on I was
just asking a question like
I would about any treatment.
It's not a treatment. She's not sick.
I just... I don't understand
why you didn't get it for
her when she was little. She was a baby.
She couldn't ask for it. You're her mother.
What kind of a mother doesn't
want her child to hear?
You are not getting it.
Tell me, what am I not getting?
Daphne is the one doing all the work here.
She speaks your language.
She reads your lips.
You've made no effort to meet her halfway.
And now you wanna have
her surgically altered
to make sure you never have to.
I just want what's best for her.
Then stop asking her to change.
Use these. The sooner
you learn her language,
the sooner you will get to
know the incredible person
that you gave birth to.
Don't you still need those?
No.
I think I'm done with that class.
What happened?
Wilke make one too many jokes
about braising your loins?
You didn't hear about the deaf girl
who almost got run over in
the student parking lot?
No, are you okay?
Or the fire I almost started in cooking
'cause I couldn't hear the bell?
No.
Guess you're not essential
to Buckner Hall gossip
as you thought.
Really? No one told you?
Last week, my friend
Cavon stapled his finger
to his Spanish test.
Jenna Gluchinski wet herself in band
because the director wouldn't
let her go pee before
the halftime performance.
Oh, and some idiot almost
electrocuted himself
in shop class.
Okay, okay. You can stop.
Thanks.
Besides, you never struck
me as the kind of person
who cared what people thought of you.
Truth is I don't really
have the best memories
of going to a hearing school.
And I think all this is
just bringing it back.
What happened?
Let's just say
third grade girls can be pretty horrible.
they called me "Retarded".
I never got a single birthday
invitation or Valentine.
I ate lunch alone every single day.
It might sound silly now,
but when you're eight...
It doesn't sound silly.
I used to beg my mom not to make me go back.
And then one day
just as the girls were
starting in on me again,
Emmett walked by on
the way home from his school.
Eight-year-old Emmett.
He ran up to them and he started to scream
and he just kept screaming
right in their face.
If you've never heard
a deaf person scream before,
it's pretty scary, so I've been told.
The girls were terrified.
It was like the world just frozed.
And then he stopped and said...
the only time I've ever known him to speak...
He said, "Don't you ever talk to her again."
Then he grabbed my hand and took me away.
Took me to his house to Melody,
and he explained what
happened using his hands.
I had never seen sign language before.
It was...
incredible.
She gave me a big hug and
marched me back to my house,
and sat my mom down and set her straight.
Told her about deaf schools.
Said we both had to learn how to sign.
Everything changed after that.
- Everything okay?
- Yeah.
Do you need to go?
Yeah.
It's okay, go.
I just have to say,
if you can survive all that,
Buckner really shouldn't
be that big of a deal.
I hope you stay.
Thanks.
Hey, bud. Dinner ready?
I think so.
But you're not here about dinner.
What's up?
I got into some trouble
and I need some help.
What kind of trouble?
What kind of help?
Hopefully the kind that doesn't
involve you yelling at me.
Does it involve a girl?
No.
- Is it money?
- Yes.
Poker?
Toby, we've been here before.
I'm all for you and your sister having fun
as long as it doesn't get out of control.
Your mom and I cannot keep
bailing you out every...
Look at me, son.
Cannot keep bailing you out
every time you go too far.
You have to start taking
responsibility for your own mistakes.
Yes, sir. I'm sorry.
What kind of damage are
we talking about here?
$500, $1,000?
$2,000.
$3,000? Please tell me we're not
talking about more than $3,000.
No, we're not.
You know what, dad? You're right.
I should take care of this on my own.
I've always found that's
the best way to learn a lesson.
John, dinner!
Okay, be right there.
Hi.
Ready?
Toby's washing up. Where's Bay?
She's at Simone's.
Honey, you remember when
Toby got bit by that dog?
Yeah, sure do.
That E.R. doctor was amazing.
Toby was hysterical. We were hysterical.
And she somehow managed to calm us all down.
She sure did.
Honey, you know,
I'd hate for her not to be there
if we or somebody else needed her.
Sweetie, they have malpractice insurance.
I know.
What if it's not enough?
What if they have to make up for the rest
by cutting off grants or laying off doctors?
- It's not gonna happen.
- How can you be so sure?
I just want them to say I'm sorry.
What?
Yeah, that's it.
No more crap about how
these things just happen.
No more pointing fingers at us.
No more minimizing what we've been through.
I just want a damn apology.
Sweetie.
And guess what?
That is never gonna happen.
You know why? It is always
going to be a condition of the settlement
No apology, no admission of guilt.
So what are you gonna do?
I don't wanna bankrupt any hospital,
so take the settlement.
That's great.
It's not just because of
what Dale said, is it?
I'm not afraid of Dale.
Now you've been talking
about this for a long time,
and I hear you.
We make our point,
and we move on with our lives.
I love you.
You don't make a very scary pirate.
No.
I don't think the guitar case is in here.
We would have found it by now.
What's that? Looks official.
"Love songs for Regina."
"So the baby knows good music."
"All my love, A.S."
Maybe that's my dad.
"A," so Adam or Aaron, Andrew.
Anakin Skywalker.
Or whoever that is.
Okay, let's see what else is in here.
It's Daphne's birth certificate.
I mean, my birth certificate.
"October 22nd, 1:22 A.M.,"
"6.5 pounds."
"Mother... Regina Vasquez.
"Father... Angelo Sorrento."
That's him. That's my dad.
Angelo Sorrento. Angelo Sorrento's my dad.
I'm Angelo Sorrento's daughter.
Way to go, dad.
To say sorry for almost
burning down your classroom.
They are chocolate mousse patty **.
Oh my god, it's delicious.
I know what she said.
It's what everyone says.
I took the advanced class so
I can learn something new.
But I can't
if you change the way you teach it.
So don't slow down for me
because I'm a better cook
than everybody in this class.
You got it.
Whenever I need you, I'll let you know.
If you see something burning, tell me.
But other than that, I will be okay.
- Okay?
- Okay.
Oh my God. These are delicious.
I'd offer you one,
but you might catch being deaf.
What is it?
I just got a phone with our lawyer.
Oh good. You told her
we take her number, right?
It's done?
The hospital just withdrew their offer.
What do you mean withdrew it?
I mean they don't wanna settle anymore.
They want to go to trial.
In front of a judging jury.
Why would they do that?
She said they were open to no shot.
She thinks they found something.
Something that they can use against us.
Like what?
I have no idea.
Something's up.
What are you talking about?
Listen, did you tell
anybody about the thing?
What? Of course not.
Did they know? What happened?
Just chill out.
Mr. Bensknam asked me to
stay out of class today.
It's probably for something else, right?
I don't know.
But your ass is on
the line as much as mine is.
Just relax. Play cool.
You were at home reading
your Bible or whatever.
You don't know anything, right?
Hey boys.
Plotting a takeover of the school of the damned.
Yeah.
Wow. Wilkie speachless, that's a first.
What did he say Toby?
Nothing. I've got class.
Hi.
You wanna come in?
You're...
You're right.
I...
I want...
I want to learn.
- I was... I was trying to say.
- I know what you said.
It's probably terrible,
I learned on the internet.
Oh.
It's beautiful.
Just... beautiful.
You don't realize how much
everything you do affects her.
This is gonna...
This is everything.
Thank you.
Sync by YYeTs
Corrected by MystEre
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org